always thirsty never satisfied I
understand you little well-dressed bird
purposeless emptiness if the vacuum
isn't it it's not now minion I'm in a
heated existential discussion with this
dead-eyed plastic desk toy is something
wrong sir just think about it you have
it all yet we had nothing it's just too
easy now I'm sorry you've lost me sir I
mean
we did it right well you did it sir yes
you've made that perfectly clear then
why do I feel so unhappy oh well what if
tomorrow we could go kidnap roxanne
ritchi that always seems to lift your
spirits
good idea minion but without him
what's the point him sir nothing okay um
all right well just that's something to
consider and well I think I'll just
power down for a while then